example/README.md, before:

# MX React Native Widget SDK example application

This is a React Native application created with `npx react-native init
MxMobileWidgetDemo --version 0.64.3`. The application's scheme is
`mxwidgetsdkdemo` and was set with `npx uri-scheme add mxwidgetsdkdemo`.


## Running this application

First, you will need to set up your environment so that you can run React
Native apps. See https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup for
instructions on how to do that. Once your environment is setup, clone the repo
and cd into the example directory within it:

```
git clone https://github.com/mxenabled/react-native-widget-sdk.git
cd react-native-widget-sdk
cd example
```

Create an open `config.json` file in the example directory:

```
touch config.json
open -a TextEdit config.json
```

And copy and paste the JSON below into your `config.json` file and save after
filling in the appropriate values for `clientId`, `apiKey`, `userGuid`, and
`environment` (`environment` should be `"integration"` or `"production"`).

```json
{
  "clientId": "...",
  "apiKey": "...",
  "userGuid": "...",
  "environment": "integration"
}
```

Next, install dependencies for iOS and React Native:

```
npm install
cd ios; pod install; cd -
cd ..;  npm install; cd -
```

Finally, you can run the application on an iOS or Android simulator.

```
npm run ios
npm run android
```

Commit message:

Warning about using API key to load widget

example/README.md, after:

# MX React Native Widget SDK example application

This is a React Native application created with `npx react-native init
MxMobileWidgetDemo --version 0.64.3`. The application's scheme is
`mxwidgetsdkdemo` and was set with `npx uri-scheme add mxwidgetsdkdemo`.


## Running this application

First, you will need to set up your environment so that you can run React
Native apps. See https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup for
instructions on how to do that. Once your environment is setup, clone the repo
and cd into the example directory within it:

```
git clone https://github.com/mxenabled/react-native-widget-sdk.git
cd react-native-widget-sdk
cd example
```

Create an open `config.json` file in the example directory:

```
touch config.json
open -a TextEdit config.json
```

And copy and paste the JSON below into your `config.json` file and save after
filling in the appropriate values for `clientId`, `apiKey`, `userGuid`, and
`environment` (`environment` should be `"integration"` or `"production"`).

```json
{
  "clientId": "...",
  "apiKey": "...",
  "userGuid": "...",
  "environment": "integration"
}
```

⚠️ Only rely on loading the Widget using your API key in your test environment.
This method will not work when you move to production.

Next, install dependencies for iOS and React Native:

```
npm install
cd ios; pod install; cd -
cd ..;  npm install; cd -
```

Finally, you can run the application on an iOS or Android simulator.

```
npm run ios
npm run android
```
