docs/qa.md, before:

# QA

Below you will find instructions on how to test the MX React Native Widget SDK.
This document is broken up into a section that outlines what is needed for the
full test suite, and another section that outlines what is needed for no-harm
test suite.

## Prerequisites

You will need to [setup your local environment](./setup.md) and the
[example application](./../example/README.md).


## Full test suite

- **Loading Connect**: ensure the Connect Widget loads after the example
  application starts.
- **Post message integration**: when you first load the application, ensure
  that you see "Connect has loaded" in the terminal opened when you start up
  the application. This message is logged via a callback that is triggered by
  the `mx/connect/loaded` post message and ensure that the post message
  integration is working as expected.
- **Connect an institution**: ensure that you are able to connect and aggregate
  any institution.
- **OAuth**
    - **New member flow**: for this test you will need a user that has not
    previously connected to an institution that uses OAuth. You can delete
    existing members to get to this "new member" state. Sing in to the
    institution and ensure the following:
        - **Authorize flow**
            - After you click the Sing In button in Connect, ensure a new
            browser window opens and you are prompted to authorize or deny
            access.
            - When you click authorize, ensure you are prompted with a request
            to open the demo application and that clicking Open takes you back
            to the application.
            - After landing back in the demo application, ensure that Connect
            is able to successfully connect the new member.
        - **Deny flow**
            - After you click the Sing In button in Connect, ensure a new
            browser window opens and you are prompted to authorize or deny
            access.
            - When you click deny, ensure you are prompted with a request
            to open the demo application and that clicking Open takes you back
            to the application.
            - After landing back in the demo application, ensure that Connect
            [TODO].
    - **Existing member flow**: for this test you will need a user that has
    previously connected to an institution that uses OAuth. You can connect to
    institution twice to get to this "existing member" state. Sing in to the
    institution and ensure the following:
        - **Authorize flow**: ensure this works the same the Authorize flow
        under the New member flow. The only difference is that you will have to
        confirm that you have already connected to that institution and would
        like to continue.
        - **Deny flow**: ensure this works the same the Deny flow under the New
        member flow. The only difference is that you will have to confirm that
        you have already connected to that institution and would like to
        continue.

## No-harm test suite

We should run through the following tests (which are outlined in the section
above) When doing no-harm testing:

- Loading Connect, see section above for instructions.
- Post message integration, see section above for instructions.
- OAuth new member authorize flow _or_ OAuth existing member authorize flow,
  see section above for instructions.

Commit message:

Run in ios and android

docs/qa.md, after:

# QA

Below you will find instructions on how to test the MX React Native Widget SDK.
This document is broken up into a section that outlines what is needed for the
full test suite, and another section that outlines what is needed for no-harm
test suite.

## Prerequisites

You will need to [setup your local environment](./setup.md) and the
[example application](./../example/README.md).


## Full test suite

These tests should be ran in an iOS (`npm run ios`) and an Android emulator
(`npm run android`).

- **Loading Connect**: ensure the Connect Widget loads after the example
  application starts.
- **Post message integration**: when you first load the application, ensure
  that you see "Connect has loaded" in the terminal opened when you start up
  the application. This message is logged via a callback that is triggered by
  the `mx/connect/loaded` post message and ensure that the post message
  integration is working as expected.
- **Connect an institution**: ensure that you are able to connect and aggregate
  any institution.
- **OAuth**
    - **New member flow**: for this test you will need a user that has not
    previously connected to an institution that uses OAuth. You can delete
    existing members to get to this "new member" state. Sing in to the
    institution and ensure the following:
        - **Authorize flow**
            - After you click the Sing In button in Connect, ensure a new
            browser window opens and you are prompted to authorize or deny
            access.
            - When you click authorize, ensure you are prompted with a request
            to open the demo application and that clicking Open takes you back
            to the application.
            - After landing back in the demo application, ensure that Connect
            is able to successfully connect the new member.
        - **Deny flow**
            - After you click the Sing In button in Connect, ensure a new
            browser window opens and you are prompted to authorize or deny
            access.
            - When you click deny, ensure you are prompted with a request
            to open the demo application and that clicking Open takes you back
            to the application.
            - After landing back in the demo application, ensure that Connect
            [TODO].
    - **Existing member flow**: for this test you will need a user that has
    previously connected to an institution that uses OAuth. You can connect to
    institution twice to get to this "existing member" state. Sing in to the
    institution and ensure the following:
        - **Authorize flow**: ensure this works the same the Authorize flow
        under the New member flow. The only difference is that you will have to
        confirm that you have already connected to that institution and would
        like to continue.
        - **Deny flow**: ensure this works the same the Deny flow under the New
        member flow. The only difference is that you will have to confirm that
        you have already connected to that institution and would like to
        continue.

## No-harm test suite

We should run through the following tests (which are outlined in the section
above) When doing no-harm testing:

- Loading Connect, see section above for instructions.
- Post message integration, see section above for instructions.
- OAuth new member authorize flow _or_ OAuth existing member authorize flow,
  see section above for instructions.
